I have no idea what we just talked about.
But vomit.
We haven't actually started yet.
I mean, you could use any of this.
But yeah, we have.
Okay, we have.
You know what we have.
There's no rules.
You know, Chris will use it from everywhere.
It's not 34 episodes in a row.
I'd like to introduce Dax, Rad.
He's here with us today.
And it's, it's really nice to have you on Dax.
I can't say how much it warms my heart that you continue to show up.
You did the thing, the thing, the thing where you just stare at me.
Oh my goodness. I'm eating a lard bar.
Maybe we could do an episode where I just say absolutely nothing.
The whole episode.
I would know.
No.
Why?
Pete, we would lose listeners.
Like, would I be talking to you and you just don't acknowledge it?
It's not that I wouldn't be here.
I would be here and you would just be talking to me.
And I just would never respond.
Would you nod?
Would you ever like acknowledge that I would talk to you?
I would make facial expressions that do all kinds of stuff.
Prime is here.
All right.
Hi.
Did you guys do some good leg day today?
I've got my pre-workout right here.
I haven't worked out yet.
I broke my toe.
So I've been out of the gym.
I broke my back.
Okay, Mike Tyson.
How are your weeds looking?
Oh.
That sucks.
Dude, there is a bull thistle that is taller than me.
There's Canadian thistle that was so tall that it had to be seven and a half feet tall.
Oh my god.
Wow.
Does this pop out out of nowhere?
Okay.
Canadian thistle.
Okay. I'm going to rant about thistle for a second.
So you just calm down.
Canadian thistle.
Okay.
So what happened in South Dakota is that we've just been getting rain like every day
for the last three weeks or as out of town.
And so I could just never spray weeds.
And so they just kept growing.
I have the most lush weed farm of all time, but no one's getting high and just getting angry.
You tried smoking it.
Some bull thistle.
By the way, did you know that if you put an app sign instead of just typing in the name like a
rookie if you put an app sign in your title, it'll actually link out to the person's
Twitch account.
Oh shit.
I didn't know that hot tip.
Oh yeah.
You should always add sign yourself in your own titles because when I click on it, if you
have your social links properly set up, it'll also give you a little YouTube Twitter.
Oh my god.
Instagram.
Wow.
Tips for pro right here.
It's the thick.
Wow.
I know.
I mean, you guys just got to know what you're doing.
What is this?
Rookie hour?
Yeah, kind of.
That's our vibe, basically.
It's on your mind.
Can I read you a direct quote for my co-worker?
Oh yeah, I like it.
Prime works at Netflix, by the way.
If people don't know that.
I'm going to read you several great quotes of mine.
This is just so good.
I go look at this thing.
There's a decoding in Protobufs where it tries to do a fixed 64 read.
And if that fixed 64 read long to number exceeds the maximum safe integer, it just throws an
exception and destroys everything and cannot continue on.
I saw your tweet about that.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And so his response is freaking JS.
And I said, I agree.
And he goes, I hate JS.
And I go, I agree.
And your response with who needs more than 53 bits?
I say, well, who needs more than 53 bits?
Save one.
Do you know why that's the case?
My assumption is that the early implementations of a garbage collection and all that,
they saved space for something to like put crap in.
But no, I just think it's stupid and annoying.
And then later on, I go, well, I don't really want to rewrite this and go unless if I have to,
can you like put a flag to stop using nanoseconds?
And they're like, well, we could.
But you could also just use a more professional language that has a good and proper scheduling
runtime and parallel processing proposition, AKA green threads, an ecosystem that's more pro.
And I don't think you end up with a bazillion NPM package of doubtful quality.
JS makes sense for the web.
And outside of that for tooling, it makes no sense.
I don't see any value at all.
JS feels like a hack on top of a hack-ish flash continuously involving language.
Once you've tried anything else, unless you have to use TS or JS, I do not see a reason,
a reason for doing so.
This is all like internal.
Yeah.
Just talking.
It doesn't have a way to get this off their chest.
Oh, God, it was so good.
And I was just like, then I was just like, well, I agree.
What now?
I didn't make the choice.
I don't know what happened here.
The problem is, is everybody wants their cake and they want to eat the two.
You want to be able to distribute something in which you don't have to compile.
But ultimately, you still have to run something stupid like TS note or some sort of compilation,
because it almost never works.
ESM is a complete disaster.
I hate ESM.
What is this, a TS red scour?
I knew something was on your mind.
Why do you hate ESM?
Let's get into it.
Oh my goodness, okay, okay, so here we go.
So the whole point of ESM is that it's supposed to like save you from all this bullshit.
Well, the problem with ESM is that you have to mark yourself as a module,
and then all the rules that have applied to node up to date no longer apply.
So you have to include.js.
So that means if you use say, I don't know, any library ever written in NPM,
and you mark yourself as a module, it's just like, I can't find that.
I don't know what this, I don't know what this import statement is.
And you're just like, f***, I have an auto-generated code in which I have no control over,
in which just assumes they will do a .js for you, ruins everything.
And you just chase bug after bug after bug.
And I can't just be patched in the world.
And then when you patch the world, it breaks for the other person.
And then they're like, well, you can't do that.
And so it's like this incompatible, I mean, first off, it's the stupidest problem of all time.
You literally import and you export.
The export is just a pojo.
That's all it is.
And somehow we've derived a system in which two of identical things can't work together
in a language that is dynamic.
Like what kind of crazy world are we at?
Yeah, at this point, you like have to use a bundler.
But I feel I'm hoping at some point, all that old stuff just dies.
Everything's ESM only.
And I think things will be better then, potentially.
Yeah, but I mean, that's like an impossible thing.
That's like saying, oh, I can't.
I mean, once everyone quits using Python 2.7, everything will be great.
That was like a decade ago.
No, no, I agree.
The thing is, how many dependencies do you need?
I need like 10 dependencies total, maybe, for like 99% of my work.
I just need them to go ESM only.
But yeah, like people just will stack like a billion.
There's like what, like millions of MPM packages that will never be updated.
But I'm kind of hoping they die for that reason.
I know, but like if you need to use, say, a protobuf,
you now have to convince Google to update to their ESM.
They're not updating TSM, right?
So you're going to have to write your own little fun protobuf version that is in ESM.
I mean, they don't even work.
Right now, I'm literally using said to replace things at runtime
because it doesn't understand default exports in the own protobuf generator.
And it's just like, oh, gosh, I hate this language.
If you compile with ESM, because ESM has built handles a lot of those cases.
Have you tried that?
Yeah.
No, no good.
Some things are just incompatible because once you mark yourself as a module,
generated code can't be like unadhering to those rules.
Oh, generate a code within your own.
Ah, I see, I see.
Yeah, it's up to then your own code base.
Yeah, because protobufs, right?
Once you generate code, once you have to use, say, two languages
and you want to schema the share between the Twixtum.
The Twixt?
I mean, you're in trouble?
Yeah.
How big are you physically in real life?
Dax is 510.
How big am I?
Six foot and some change.
OK, I'm actually the smallest here.
How much change?
Enough to call myself in the six feet.
That's all that matters.
I'm no Theo.
My dad was six four.
My grandfather was six five.
I somehow came out of six foot.
My son's probably going to be six five.
I don't know what happened.
Oh, man.
I went the other way.
My entire family is like five six and I'm five 10.
So I'm grateful for what I got.
Got lucky.
Yeah, no, you got to be.
You do your above statistical average.
I love that.
That's good.
My dad is exactly my height and my two brothers are my height.
So I just assumed like all males in a family
would always be the same height.
And my wife thinks my young or my oldest
is going to be really tall.
But I just didn't think it's like I'm the ceiling.
This is as tall as you can get.
Can you get a prediction for your kids?
Yeah, there's like growth plate predictions
and stuff like that.
But oh, really?
Yeah, you can do like like they can do some basic
guesstimation.
But mine was off.
I was supposed to be taller.
Never quite made it there.
High five myself.
But that's still clapping.
But I mean, the thing is, is that like I don't have a neck.
As you can see, like I literally start from a chin
and meet the top of my chest within like an inch and a half.
OK, so no one knows what happened to my neck.
But my wife, her neck is like a giraffe.
She has like 17 inches of neck.
And my son got her neck, but he got my legs.
And if you don't know, my legs start right around here.
So I don't have this same point either.
I have no torso.
Dude, finding pants and like shirt ratios always so hard.
Yeah, not only that, but my wife, when she sits down
and I sit down, we are a half inch difference
when we both sit up as straight as possible.
And I am six and some inches taller than her.
So she's literally all torso.
So my son got her torso and her neck and got my legs.
The kids can be six foot 12.
I don't know if I have such a joke.
Is he playing basketball?
Crazy.
I'm trying to convince him to.
I love basketball.
So I played a bunch of basketball.
So I'm hoping he will.
What about you, Adam?
You played basketball too, right?
I did play basketball.
I can't relate with you short torso people.
I've got a very long torso and average legs.
What are you doing in tech?
Me?
Yeah.
People with your bi proportions don't belong here.
Yeah, I might get out.
I think I'm a swimmer.
I should be a swimmer probably.
I did some swimming.
I don't know.
My brother-in-law was an Olympic swimmer.
Really?
What?
Got six in Beijing.
Is he Michael Phelps?
What?
He lived with Michael Phelps and raced against him
in the Beijing one.
That is crazy.
Yeah.
Does he have a long neck?
No, but he was in his prime super shape when I met him.
Yeah, he was like one and a half humans.
Is everyone in your family physically superior to you?
Yeah, yeah, everywhere.
It's very, it's very shady.
Except for I can grow a better facial hair than everybody else.
So I do win, right?
Have you gone the full beard?
Yeah.
It's just that, you know, no.
I mean, Dax, this is going to hurt you a little bit,
but no matter what you do and no matter how thick it is,
it's just way too pubey for me.
I just can't handle it.
You know what I mean?
It's just like, it's annoying.
And I don't want any of that.
So, you know, mustache, I went with a mustache because it was awesome.
And now everybody has a mustache.
Yeah, I changed it up.
Like everybody has a mustache.
I walked down the street and there's just every guy has a mustache.
I'm like, how did this happen?
Like no one likes mustaches.
I thought they're awesome.
And now they're just everywhere.
It's crazy how life changes on a dime.
And all of a sudden one day, nothing's there.
And the next day they're everywhere.
Maybe you set the trend.
I don't think I set it.
How many people are in your town?
70,000?
Do people like your neighbors know what you do?
No.
Do they know you're the prime engine?
No, no one does.
Nothing.
What about your work?
Like your coworker you were just talking about?
Oh yeah, I get messages all the time.
Good ones?
I'll be like, well, sometimes I get mess, I get all sorts of,
I get all sorts of things.
I got people, I got, I've been blocked by coworkers.
I've received not so nice messages from coworkers
and I've received great things, right?
How does that work with like, when you say blocked,
are they blocking you on the work slack?
Like what do you mean they're blocking you?
Oh yeah, I've been blocked on work slack.
Are you serious?
Like I've refused to respond.
Yeah, I've sent, there's this one person in which I had no idea.
How I discovered it is Netflix UI engineering tweeted something
and then I couldn't see any of the messages.
So I was like, oh, that's strange.
I must be one of those like, you know,
because on Twitter you can do some sort of like mass blocking.
Yeah.
And sometimes you catch a stray bullet
and you're just like, oopsie daisies.
So I reached out to them on Slack and I'm like, yo, I don't,
I don't, this must be a mistake or something.
Hey, if I say anything, I'm, I'm sorry.
I have no idea who you are.
I've never even met you.
Didn't respond.
I was like, hmm, that seems a little strange.
Maybe he just missed it.
Maybe he's on.
Oh, so I like, oh, two months later,
I, I re-pinged him and was just like, hey,
yeah, if there is something just like, let me know.
I'm glad to talk about this.
I think with my literal words and still nothing.
So I'm like, that is super strange.
I know someone he's friends with that I'm also friends with.
So I reached out to him and they're like, oh yeah, he hates you.
And I'm like, what did I do?
And so.
How does that work with like the company?
Like, you just have employees blocking each other.
Like, do they care?
Netflix used to be a place that valued really strongly direct feedback.
And now I feel like it's, it's less so.
The next generation that's coming in,
it doesn't seem to be as valued on that level.
It just seems like we more avoid it.
Maybe it's a cultural thing.
Maybe now every generation feels that way.
But the first commit I ever made to Netflix,
this guy named Jerry Hamlet comes up to me and goes,
he was just literally like, hey, you're a f***ing idiot.
You need to fix this right now.
And I was just like, okay, Maria.
And it's just like, we talked it out.
It was great feedback.
And he was super harsh, straight to the point.
And it was fantastic, right?
And that's like my first two years at Netflix.
Like everyone was just like, whoa, what's that?
That's not right, right?
Like, direct, right to the point.
We called it, no s*** sandwiches.
Hey, you're a really nice guy.
I think you're really great by the way, this is bullshit.
But you know, you're a really cool person.
Like there's like no bullshit sandwiches, no s*** sandwiches.
And so I don't know what happened.
Something happened now.
People can't take feedback and everyone gets hurt.
That's what I've heard about Netflix is the thing you described before.
I mean, I've heard that you guys are known for being very direct,
but that's faded, huh?
I think it's faded.
I've been here for a decade.
So I mean, when people say, oh, no, it's the same.
They just probably haven't been here for a decade.
Remote work may have probably hurt that a lot.
It's hard to have direct feedback when you can't see someone's body language.
When you can, you know, like text is extremely easy to misinterpret.
You know, there's all these barriers to entry.
If you're already upset, it's somebody to be like, hey,
let's get into a Google meets, right?
Like you can't just walk over to their desk and be like,
yellow past this out really quickly.
I mean, I've the what you're describing, that's pretty much how I've always worked.
Like it's been pretty harsh at times and direct.
And I've liked it because obviously it's stressful in the moment.
But overall, it just brings everyone together.
Like you're like breaking repair.
And that's kind of what creates good relationships.
Yeah. When did you notice it going away?
Because I feel like more as like industry-wide,
I feel the last five years have just been really weird.
Like a lot of weird stuff has shifted in the last five years.
I feel like it's going to return back to how it was.
But yeah, when did you guys start to see that change?
Okay, I thought Adam was going to answer, but instead he's just eating.
That was a question for you, friend.
Okay, well, he said you guys, that's multiple.
I just got done dominating.
So I want him to give Adam an opportunity.
I just like to say right now.
Jumping it in his actual face.
Disgusting.
Last week, he spilled a bunch of apples on the floor.
It was a freaking disaster.
Ridiculous, Adam.
I've noticed about it in the last five years too.
That feels about right.
Like things started shifting.
I think when the world, so okay,
I'm not trying to get into any sort of politics.
So I want you to know, I'm not doing politics.
But I think at some point in our country,
the political became the personal.
Yeah.
And so it's just like everything has to be politicized.
And I think right around then is when I started seeing a lot of fracturing,
where people became really like,
intense about a lot of things.
And then when everyone became super intense,
it also, there's this weird distancing that also happened
at our job where it's just like,
if you say something, it's like you're attacking somebody.
And it's like, well, no, I'm not attacking you.
I want this to be better.
Like I'm not trying to like, this is not,
we're not sparring.
Like life is not a spar.
Sometimes it's just like co-becoming better.
I don't know what happened.
Yeah, it's just a process.
I have a pretty like cynical explanation for this,
but I honestly feel like a lot of these companies,
the pressure kind of got removed in the last five years,
just because the amount they were all growing,
how easy everything was.
So I feel like it was easy to get distracted by things
that didn't necessarily like,
leaped anywhere good.
And I feel like that pressure come back on.
And I have seen a lot of kind of what you're describing
decrease as well.
It felt for a while like, wow,
this is just a world we're going to live in forever.
Like it's just going in this direction.
It's going to continue to go in that direction.
But I'm seeing a lot less of that.
I feel like all the people that are influential
and are like talking about things,
it's less, it's way less of that other stuff.
So I'm hoping it's going to get better.
Okay, I'm going to be right back,
but I want to hear more of what you're trying to say
because you used a lot of general words in which mean nothing.
It used to mean this and now that.
And I'm like, I don't know what this or that means
in this situation.
Go into yourself and we'll get specific.
Maybe prime would do like some really direct feedback for us
in our podcast.
Maybe he could just like bring back the Netflix directness.
No shit sandwich.
Just straight down the pipe.
What do you think?
I don't want it.
Are we ready for it?
I'm just kidding.
You don't want it.
I would have expected me to be the one that wouldn't want it.
How long do you have to drink your pre-workout
before your workout?
For maximum effect.
I don't know. I actually never.
Do you drink a pre-workout person?
Oh really?
Okay.
It gets me in the mood.
You ever took nitric oxide?
No, I did beat juice.
Well, it's like beats and some other stuff.
Okay.
Like bone or medication.
Similar effect.
Nitric oxide.
Something about okay pre-workout has a bad rep,
so I never explored it.
It has a bad rep.
Because people are always like.
Oh really?
I don't know.
I always like hear people like go nuts
and take pre-workout and it's like, it's, I don't know,
enlighten me.
Snort a line of pre-workout.
I mean this is literally a bro-life science
where he like snorts a line of pre-workout
and then does, you know, cleans for now.
Yeah, exactly.
But then Adam's talking about beat juice,
which is a very different vibe than what I imagine pre-workout to be.
It increases your blood flow.
To where?
Did you know that about beats?
To your body, Dax.
To your whole body.
It's psychological for me.
Like if I take it, now I know I have to work out.
Because I'm not going to waste a drink, you know?
Like if I drank it, I'm working out.
Okay, hold on.
We got a, can we rewind this for a quick?
Yes.
Quick second.
How did you guys get here?
And where did you read beat juice is a pre-workout?
Adam just asked me about pre-workout
and I was like, I don't know anything.
I was just, I have to take my 90 minutes before my workout.
So I have to figure out the math of like 90 minutes from now.
And I just, I was trying to figure out if I should drink it.
So I asked Dax, how long do you have to drink your pre-workout?
I thought he took pre-workout too.
Thought it was probably a lot less time.
That was where I was headed with it.
He doesn't even do it.
So what you're trying to tell me is Dax doesn't even,
he doesn't even lift.
Do you even lift bro?
He doesn't even work out.
I don't even think he works out.
Because I don't stream anymore.
He only used to work out when I streamed.
My workout routine was watching Adam in between my sets.
And now I work out and watch you.
I know.
You gotta get back to streaming.
It's a circle of lash.
This is a strange podcast.
We are recording.
Going back to where it's on before.
Okay, let me speak with more specific words.
I mean, everyone blames everything on interest rates.
And it's kind of like an overly used explanation of things.
But I feel like in the last couple of years,
stuff wasn't really easy in terms of like if you're starting a company,
it shouldn't be easy to boost evaluation next round.
If you just have to do certain things,
those things weren't necessarily tied to reality.
They weren't tied to your business.
Literally doing better.
Literally becoming more sustainable.
All the things that prior to that that we were doing and learned to do
just became a detethered from that.
And so I would see a lot of these companies get really, really big,
completely devoid of reality.
And I think when you have situations like that,
the odd behaviors come up that people think make sense.
Like they focus on certain areas,
or they like think hiring a certain way makes sense.
So they think like caring about certain things makes sense.
And there's like a return to reality where you figure out
what behaviors actually made sense and which didn't.
And I think in the moment, for most people,
a lot of it seems logical.
And it seems extremely illogical in hindsight when all that stuff kind of goes away.
So I feel like there's been a phase where,
especially in some of these massive companies where
people were just focusing on stuff that just wasn't
work related or like push the bar or like made the company better.
And they were kind of in cushy situations.
And then the focus was on like, there's other things, right?
I feel like I haven't seen that as much in the last like year or so.
It was harder to raise money.
Yeah, I mean, I think, I mean, I think I see what you're trying to say.
But I do, I reject your hypothesis.
Tell me more.
Ooh.
I don't think the pressure or the difficulty of a job is related to the current feeling
or zeitgeist of how people take feedback.
I guess, yes, maybe they're taking feedback parts, but I guess what I'm trying to say is
the overall culture of being able to what's so called like a cater to that, I guess.
I think that's been something that's newer.
That's like been a thing that's, again, in the last five years, showed up.
Because there was a gluttony of, you know, VC money all flowing in.
Because every company could potentially be a billion dollar company.
Yeah, every company had like, you know, five times more people than they needed,
you know, like strictly speaking, like a lot of people didn't have a lot of
like literal work to do.
Of course, all work inflates to whatever time you give it.
So it felt like it did.
But yeah, I feel like we're entering a new phase now.
And I'm just not seeing, especially in the, I get, I operate entirely in like extremely
early stage companies.
I definitely see like a crazy focusing on all sorts of things, right?
Like before people, companies would be really excited to like hire a bunch of people and like
do a bunch of like external facing things and like brag about their fundraise, etc.
I'm seeing way more focus on, yes, we raise money, but we're kind of back heads down and
kind of on building and everyone's, I feel that there's a shift in being more sustainable and
not taking the next round for granted, which I think is good.
I think that's a good natural state of things.
Yeah, I'd be, I'm on that team.
I like that.
I'm just not sure if it has much to do with the feedback part.
So where do you think the feedback is coming from?
I still, I still think it's that there's become a bit of a, an attachment to what you do is who
you are.
Identity, yeah.
Yeah, identity has gotten mixed up because you know, we, you know, everyone, everyone.
So, so, okay.
Now we're going to get into philosophical primes.
So sit down.
Okay.
So anyone here know what the word worship means?
Oh, yeah, we're doing it.
Would the word worship means?
It comes from the old English.
Yeah, it comes, it comes from the old English term worth shape, meaning the worth of something
shapes who you are.
Okay.
Everybody worships.
So what is our culture worshiping at one point and may have been family, it may have been
country, it may have been God, but now itself.
Self is currently the thing that we take our most work, our most worth from, right?
And at least in our culture, at least, that's why you do you get rid of everyone that holds
you back.
All these kinds of phrases exist is because what is the thing that's trying to drive our
worth right now?
Now it's ourself.
And so I think that a lot of this is tying into this hypersensitivity because that means
what you do is who you are.
And when someone says this isn't good, what they're saying is you aren't good.
Who you are, like fundamentally isn't good.
And I think that that takes our huge, I think that just greatly changes the culture.
Personal opinion.
Interesting.
So what's the right mindset to have?
What should you worship?
Well, I think I know, but that's me.
I think God's the answer because at least you have a fixed point that can't change.
Whereas if you have a point that changes, it's just whatever is the popular opinion of the day.
Yeah.
I mean, we talked a little bit about this in a few podcasts ago, but I think there is a lot
of benefits from worshiping yourself because you get to figure stuff out and you get a little
more choice.
But with that choice, you're like trying to reinvent literally every single aspect of
what it means to be a person.
And that's overwhelming.
And I don't think most of us are set up to make great decisions there.
I think there's a lot of wisdom in how we've been living.
And I think there's probably a room for some amount of change with that with a lot of that.
But I think we throw away a lot of what works in the newfound freedom that we all have in the
modern world.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm not, you know, absolute freedom is not necessarily absolute freedom, right?
Officially works if it's in water, if it has a certain set of constraints. I think humans, you know,
like, I don't think our modern push, I don't, now we're getting real weird.
I don't think the modern push for like, like, ultimate and say anyone can use any drug is really
great because there's a lot of people that are complete slaves to drugs living on the street and
we're celebrating that as like a positive.
Yeah.
I don't, I don't feel like that's a positive win for society.
I don't think it's positive win for the individual to say it's okay to do that
because ultimately it just leads to pure slavery.
So ultimate freedom is not necessarily freedom, right? It's it.
You can very well enslave yourself.
I'm just realizing, listen to you guys talk like how little I think about
anything with depth at all because like you guys have thought about.
Well, what do you think about when you're sitting on your, you're just staring at a wall and like,
not thinking about anything? Like what, what's going on in your head? What's rumbling around?
Just not deep thing.
I don't know. I think I think about like what I have to do that day.
Right now I'm thinking about Japanese characters because I'm learning Japanese.
What's up with that? Why are you learning Japanese?
Is that new?
We want to go to Japan.
And I want to watch anime and actually, no, not really.
I knew as the lie, the moment he said, we, I was like,
this is a singular activity.
I tried with Liz too. We watched one episode death now and she was like,
not for me. And then she just never tried it again.
So my wife and I loved she really was into it, Alice in Borderland.
So you got live action anime, effectively.
Is live action anime ever good?
I thought Alice, besides for like the classic, you stare too long and just just like,
run bitch, right? Like you can't just like, everyone just stands there like,
works in one form, but it doesn't work until it's live action.
But yeah, Alice in Borderland was, I thought it was great.
You got to check it out.
Queen of Hearts, great character.
I'm new to all this. I haven't really explored this that much. So I just watched
Attack on Titan. I just finished Death Note yesterday.
I'm looking for my next one now.
Wow, you're really going in on this.
I know what a waifu is.
I still don't kind of get it.
What's a weeb? And someone tell me what a weeb is?
Someone obsessed with Japanese culture.
Oh, okay.
That's you. Well, now that you're learning Japanese.
I'm learning Japanese.
So I guess I'm one of the simplest way to put it.
That's probably fairly one-dimensional take on it, but that's the easiest way to translate it into
old man.
So like with a stereotypical kind of like white guy with like swords in his bedroom,
that guy, that's a weeb?
Swords.
I don't, I mean, I also have three separate katanas, but that doesn't necessarily mean I'm a weeb.
I happen to fit potentially your description.
But it's a little bit, it's a little bit more than that.
You have to be specifically interested in Japanese culture.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I've been gifted three swords throughout my life.
You've been gifted them by different people.
Yeah.
Wait, three different people, hang on.
Three different people.
Two people, two people, three swords.
Two different people gifted.
Did you tell them, did you make a list?
No.
Like was this a Christmas list scenario?
Completely independent gifting.
Mr. Privagen, here is a sword.
Long before I was priming in, my gamer tag was Kilroy Jenkins during those days.
So they get, so one person gives you a sword and then later followed up with a second sword.
Nope.
It was one sword and then someone gave me two swords.
At once.
Oh, at once.
Two swords at once.
Yeah.
Were those people weeb's?
No, neither of them were.
Is weeb derogatory?
Should I not be saying that out loud?
I feel like, is it's leaving my lips?
It feels bad.
I think you can, just like a simp, you can make a derogatory or not.
Okay.
Are you guys going to Japan?
I don't know, that's what like, we want to take the kids to Japan.
Like if we're going overseas, we've heard good things.
It's very clean, safe.
Kids can just walk around in Japan.
Are we talking about this?
Yeah, kids don't can't necessarily walk around in Japan.
I, I, in fact, I know.
Oh, they can't.
I know, personally, two people whose exclusive job is to fund a paramilitary operation of
rescuing children specifically from Japan.
What?
Okay.
I'm going to learn something different and we're not going to Japan.
You just never let your kids just walk around completely unfettered
if they're young enough.
Yeah, I think my wife saw it on TikTok.
It was like, the kids just walking around.
Okay, that's, that's a show problem.
There's a reality show in Japan.
It's, it's a little bit, it's a little bit old.
I feel what it's called, but they basically take a kid, maybe like three or four years old,
and they give them like a bunch of tasks and they send them on their own.
And there's obviously a camera crew like circling them, so they're not literally on their own,
but they just kind of like figure it out and you watch.
It's really cute.
It's funny, but it makes Japan look, look so nice.
That's a show.
Yeah, it's a show.
It's, it's pretty funny.
You just check it out.
Maybe that's what you're, maybe that's what she's seeing in.
Maybe it's relatively safe though, you know.
Relatively safe.
Okay.
I mean, I like the like, the buildings look cool.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Like architecture over there.
Have you been overseas before Adam?
I've been to Mexico.
We went to an orphanage in Mexico before we had kids.
An orphan?
Is that where you got your kids?
No.
Uh, that's it though.
I guess I've been in Canadian waters up in Buffalo.
We went to the Niagara Falls.
Interesting.
I think we probably dipped into Canada a little bit.
It's going to be a big culture shock.
Like people that go from the west to Asia, it's like very, very different.
Until you hit a squatty potty, it doesn't set in.
Like, that's when that's like when you're trying to figure out how to
to book them down in a while, like trying to be over something like,
dude, that's a whole different experience.
I mean, my wife is really big into like, we're squatting now with the kids all the time,
trying to make sure we can like do that with our bodies.
Cause I guess like in the west, we lose that ability as we get older.
Like you just can't squat anymore.
So I think, can you squat backs?
Yeah.
I'm 31 years old with the full, I don't know.
Maybe he's sitting in a chair a lot.
But he may not be able to squat.
You may actually not be able to.
You might not be able to.
You have to maintain neutral spine and how far can you go down while maintaining?
Where's your butt wink at?
You know, that's a very popular phrase.
You know, if we know what we're talking about.
But it's where as you squat down, your main neutral spine and then you'll curve.
I squat.
When I work out squatting, it's like my primary thing that I work on.
But like you can go to the ground.
Yes.
All five for 10 of you can.
For your time, let's take space over here.
You know, I was born in India.
So the first toilets I used were the hole in the ground toilets.
Oh.
Yeah.
Wow.
I think objectively they're worse, to be honest.
I don't think it's like, you can go this way or that way.
Think to me, I'm like, okay, I get that your body is like in a more natural state.
And like at home, we have little squatty potty stool things
to like put your feet on when you use a toilet.
But something about the hole in the ground.
It's like, it's like a lot of balance, a lot of things can go wrong.
I mean, they're nice ones.
Are there ones that have like a nice rim around the hole or something?
I don't know.
I've porcelain squatty potty before.
KTV.
Okay, I was going to say like, we're the wealthy people in India.
What are they?
The other thing is toilet paper is not a thing, which I think is actually better
because my friend said this thing to me once.
Okay.
Because you wash, you wash, you don't just finish and leave.
You don't wash your butt a lot.
My friend said this thing.
He didn't want to.
He's like, imagine throwing up and not washing your face.
It's like wiping the vomit off your face.
And he's like, that's what you do with your butt when you poop, when you don't use a bidet.
Blood vomit.
Yeah, exactly.
You just put it on, man.
You just wipe it off.
And you know, you didn't get all of that.
So there's a phase where, and to be honest, I still do this because we don't have a bidet installed.
I was like showering after every shit.
How did you do like a quick like three minutes shower?
Just lower half of my body.
This is fun.
I'm glad.
I'm glad we're talking about this.
Fascinating.
Good time.
Yeah.
So really good.
You guys, you have a bidet?
What's your butt washing situation?
Adam, I feel like you have a bidet.
I feel like you have every fucking product Instagram advertising.
We had one, we didn't use it when we got rid of it.
It's like when you put on top, it was like a place to seek kind of thing.
Tushy.
Okay.
Do you have a tushy?
No, it's just like, it's such an Adam product.
It's like, oh my God.
You see it and you get it.
I can see that in your house.
I'm a consumer.
Okay.
I hope this economy go around.
Prime John sharing what he's doing is private.
Yeah, he's like, I talk about his bidet situation.
You know, I'm just a classic listener.
I just, I use toilet paper.
Just dry wipe.
I live a fairly healthy lifestyle.
So I mean, often I ghost wipe.
Yeah, me too.
Wait, what?
Were you wiping up things, something there?
That's the best.
He's clean pinch.
Ghost wipe.
Hey, just clean pinch it.
How do I never heard any of these risks?
How do you not know about these things?
I've made it into the Ozarks.
All right.
Let's let's bring it back to some tech stuff.
Please, yes.
ESM was better than this.
I enjoyed talking about JavaScript packages.
Speaking of bud vomit.
How's he?
What are you learning right now?
And then you're learning actively.
I mean, I've been working a lot with Astro.
Like we're rewriting that muse with Astro.
So that's been fun.
How is Astro?
It's good.
I mean, Sammy's is like the perfect use case.
It's like millions of pages.
They all just grab a little data, render the page.
So there's not really much client-side interactivity at all.
So I think if you're doing something app-like,
like DAX does everything as an app, not great.
I think they're working on that, though, too.
Aren't they like client-side?
Fred was telling me that they're building like a heavy SPA right now
on top of using Astro.
So once they've released that,
they're going to like put out,
here's our learning series.
Here's how you should go about it.
I think I'll be willing to try it.
To me, most of the stuff I build,
like maybe like one or two pages would benefit from the S/SAR side,
but it's like a lot to accept into my day-to-day,
just for like those few pages.
I tend to build a kind of SPA's.
Just not for me, but for them on the marketing page side,
everything else I do publicly,
I've been using Astro and I love it.
It's so simple and good.
Delightful.
What about you, Prime?
What's Prime learning?
Oh, camel.
Yeah, I saw that.
Is that why you posted that?
You hate Russ because you finally see the glory of oh, camel?
No, no, no.
I had this great rant and it was going to make,
it was going to be 100,000 view TikTok or Instagram real.
Felt really confident on it.
And in the middle, I did do that.
That's part of, by the way,
super sweet secret to like growing socials is have a semi-viral moment.
Also refer to another social you do.
Very smart move, but the thing was is that you get the,
I get this all the time.
I'm sure you guys get this too.
But what should I build?
Oh, I have this side project.
Should I choose Russ?
Should I choose this?
Should I choose that?
And it's always the same answer, at least for me,
which is stop letting people tell you what you should enjoy.
Like pick the thing you really want to learn or do and do that
because if you listen to me and you're like,
oh, I better do Russ because Prime says Russ,
you're going to take like three weeks learning it.
You're going to hate your life by the end of it.
You're not going to enjoy anything you've done.
Sure, iterators are great, but learning Russ sucks.
And so it's just like you finally get to that point of learning it all.
And then you're like,
I don't want to even write this project anymore.
I'm not going to do this.
Am I even a talented dev?
No, you just chose a really hard starting point
because you listen to somebody on the internet
who's been programming for 20 years.
That's what happened.
Okay, that's the problem.
And so don't listen to everybody because here's the thing is
I can say whatever I want to say.
And if I say something that makes you think,
oh, I should stop learning it,
then you're like letting me have way too much influence in your life.
Cue the Russ sucks tweet.
I like Russ, but by me saying that,
there is going to be literal people that are going to be like,
oh, I shouldn't learn Russ anymore, right?
Which is stupid.
Stop listening to people specifically shit posters
for like how you should think about your life.
You should do the things that make you want to wake up
and do it again tomorrow.
That is going to be your most successful path forward
is being excited.
And that's like that that's truly it.
And so yeah, the whole thing was influence or suck.
I myself suck.
Yeah, we talk about a lot of work where like there's like so much
strategy and thinking and how do you build a business, et cetera.
But the only thing that matters is that we're working on stuff
we're motivated on because whoever's able to go the longest,
the hardest just eventually wins.
So like our only strategy is like assessing like what do we feel like working on.
It might be one thing that seems like it doesn't exactly make sense
from like a business or product wise.
But some part of you is excited to work on that for a reason.
And if you trust your judgment, like it kind of carries you long term.
The other thing is this is what I always say to people
when I'm like talking to them about technologies or like ideas
or explaining something, I often say you're probably not going to understand this.
The point of me saying this is not so you hear and you understand it.
It's so later when you discover the stuff on your own,
you can kind of connect the dots of like, oh, that's what he was talking about.
Because I remember there were so many times in my career where I was introduced to a concept
and I just wasn't at a point where I would like really internalize it.
Like someone showed me functional programming, actually my dad.
My dad showed me functional programming very, very, very early.
That is so cool.
Into my, yeah, he was like, this is really important.
And he was trying to explain to me.
And I was like, I barely knew anything.
So they got, okay, I guess.
I just didn't click for me.
Three or four years later, then I got super into it.
Then I understood what he was talking about.
It did help things to click faster.
But if I just try to dive in there and like, that was the way I tried to get into programming,
it just, it just would not really have happened.
It's the exact same thing with life advice, right?
Like when someone says your friends lead you astray,
you should be very careful on who you spend all your time with.
Like it doesn't make any sense when you're 17.
Yeah.
You know, I was off smoking meth when I was 17.
Like I wasn't like, I didn't, I couldn't hear certain things.
When people told me that waking up early and going to bed early
and being super rigorous about how you live your life,
that you have two wills, that you have your lower animalistic will,
and you have your higher will, in which you have to fight against both these wills all the time.
It's like, I couldn't hear any of those words.
You could have just told me all those words and I would have been like,
oh, yeah, I understand that.
But really it was just like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Right?
Yeah.
The tragedy is that now that you understand that,
you can't even save anyone any time because they kind of have to go through that same journey.
That's what's so frustrating.
Like your kids, whoever you're trying to like teach,
you can tell them the stuff, but it's not going to save them any time.
They're going to have to go through the exact same journey or like a similar journey that you went through.
And yeah.
You may be able to save them time because right once they start discovering
life is harder or more complex than they realize,
and then one of the things you've said lines up,
it clicks faster.
Maybe they'll just go, oh, you know, that's, I mean, that's wisdom, right?
Which is, you know, what problem to solve.
And so hopefully they start, you know, they can get wisdom faster.
I did not get wisdom very quick.
And a lot of intelligence, absolutely no wisdom.
Yeah, similar path to me to the same thing with waking up early thing.
Like there was a time where I just did not understand why that mattered.
And I lived my whole life that way.
And then at some point it clicked and I was like, you always feel like an idiot
because you're like, oh, this is what they were talking about.
Like, oh, this makes so much sense.
But yeah, I feel like if you're, if you're not cringing at who you were five years ago,
you're just not growing enough.
That's gone for me.
I also don't like to use the word cringing.
Like, I think cringing, I was just thinking about this earlier
because I never listened to any like, I'm not really big on consuming content.
But I decided to try to understand this whole kick drama with XQC.
And I'm like, I'm going to, I'm going to be like a pop culture guy for a moment
and try to understand this.
Okay.
And I watched like four clips and one of them had pokey mane.
And she just kept saying the word cringe and listening to her was the very act of cringing.
And so I just realized that when someone speaks like that,
there's, it's like speaking Latin.
It's actually just purely a written meme.
Right. When someone, when someone writes it, I feel like you can, that's fine.
And you can read it, but you can't say it out loud.
And when someone's like, oh man, I'm cringing.
You're like, no, ah, like I was using that word like prior to this whole thing.
It doesn't matter.
Okay.
Yeah.
Every time I say it, that's how it goes.
I feel like I learned all the words I needed to learn when I was like 14.
And I just haven't really increased my vocabulary since then.
It's like you don't need it.
She's reading more books.
That's sad.
You should.
I should read more books.
That's what you said.
Yeah.
Daxx has read 10 books.
He's only read 10 books.
He stopped.
And then now he wonders why his vocabulary is not increasing.
Okay.
So I was calculating with Liz yesterday.
You know, she's read like 22 books this year already.
Wow.
She definitely thinks she's better than all of us.
I mean, she is.
Objectively.
Her vocabulary is.
By the way, I checked her.
I checked her audible badges.
And she doesn't have the one that you have where you've checked it.
The one where you keep checking back.
Yeah.
Which I was like, this is actually perfect.
Adam would have that.
And she definitely would not have that.
I have that one on her.
Yeah.
I've read zero books this year.
Really?
I've read two books this year.
Well, actually, I've read three books.
I've read or two books this year, two to three books this year.
I think I've read zero.
I've read a few.
Yeah.
I mean, I listened to a few.
Audible.
I'm about to finish my third book.
Is it?
So my book so far has been Wheel of Time book one, two, and now almost three.
Is that sci-fi?
Is it fiction?
It's fantasy.
Fantasy, okay.
Yeah.
So imagine just different Lord of the Rings, if you will.
I like that.
Is it good?
Yeah.
You recommend it?
Oh, it's great.
It's great book.
Great book.
The writer, he's amazing.
Dude, it's like 10,000 pages for the whole series.
And so I'm on book three.
I read to my kids.
I refuse to let my kids read kids stories because kids stories are stupid
and they're just one dimensional.
And so it's like, I want my kids to have to like carry a few characters
for days as opposed to being like, the dog goes wolf.
The wolf goes wolf.
Like, no, no, no, no, no.
Like, I don't care that A told B and B told C,
I'll meet you at the top of the coke that tree.
Like, we're just not doing that.
That's for a baby.
Okay, that's for a baby.
I'm reading a real book.
So we read through Lord of the Rings.
They loved it.
We read through The Hobbit.
They loved it, right?
The Hobbit is kind of like meant to be a kid's book
and originally, right?
It's like a nice bounce me too.
Yeah, so, yeah.
And so then we went through Wheel of Time.
They loved Wheel of Time.
It's a great book.
The Midrials.
They know Neneve, Eglyn, Elaine.
They're like, they have everyone, Matt,
Perrin, Rand, Maureen, Land, right?
Like, they have like 12, 15 characters and they're loving it.
You know, Dax and I haven't read it.
We don't know any of those characters.
I'm saying a lot of names so that you go, oh, wow.
Oh, that they carry all of this, yeah.
So you keep this on the head.
Like 12 characters in there.
Yeah.
So why limit them?
Why make them have to have dumb stories
that don't challenge them at all or make them have to keep on going?
And by the way, TJ, who's in your chat,
sat in the room while I read, I think, book two to my kids.
Because he was over at my house a while back.
So you read to him also?
Yeah, because he's like, I like Wheel of Time.
You have six kids?
No, I have four.
Four?
Why do I think you have six kids?
I'm not a happy Mormon family, okay?
Dax, why did you think you had six kids?
Six just now.
I was like, whoa, yes, six kids.
Can I talk about something deep while we're talking about kids?
This is like, I don't have a lot of deep thoughts
when I have one, I want to share it.
So my biggest fear, like, easily, biggest fear in life,
is like, I've loved what I do.
Like, I love programming.
I love my job, just everything I've done in my career.
And my biggest fear is that my kids won't love what they do.
Like, that they won't find whatever it is for them.
Because most of my family has it.
I mean, most people I know don't love what they do.
Most people don't love what they do.
Yeah, it feels pretty rare.
It's a rarity to love what you do.
And now that I'm saying it out loud,
is the answer, I feel like Prime's answer to this is like,
that it's a you problem.
Like, you can love whatever you do.
It's not like a magical, is that what you would say?
No, I wouldn't say you can love whatever you do,
because I don't think it's possible to love all things.
But this is my fundamental theory.
Work is meant to satisfy.
It's not meant to be your identity or where your value is driven from.
And I think there's a problem.
Because even like in the most idyllic world,
old writings, all that, even in the Garden of Eden,
Adam and Eve worked, right?
They're working.
Like, work is a universal concept.
That's like, here's something that everyone at all points,
even in the perfect world, even in a theoretically perfect world, did.
So therefore, there's something about work
that is fundamental to human nature.
But the moment that you make it more than what it is,
you ruin it, right?
Anything can be, if you make your kids the meaning of your life,
you can ruin them.
You can ruin yourself.
You can greatly make them dysfunctional due to your actions, right?
Like, overvaluing something is bad.
And so I think work has been largely overvalued.
And it's who you are.
Me, me personally, so I just get satisfied with what I do.
I mean, me and Liz don't have kids when we do talk about this concept,
where I think it's less about the work.
And I can just get really passionate into things that I am doing.
And I think the only fear that I have is I'll have a kid
that's unable to find that curiosity or intensity for anything.
I would find that very hard to relate to.
So it doesn't have to be literally work,
but it can be like anything potentially.
There's a lot of things out there.
I feel like for most people,
there is something that they can get that excited about.
But I do know people that just kind of are like,
nod that into really anything.
And I just, I have a hard time relating to something like that,
because I'm pretty different.
I get into literally everything.
All right, I'm going to read you my biggest fear
since we're on this biggest fear thing.
Are you ready?
Yes.
All right.
So have you heard the song Cats in the Cradle with the Silverstone?
Yes, sure.
All right.
So I'm going to just read a couple excerpts.
My son turned 10 just the other day.
He said, thanks for the ball, dad.
Come, let's play.
Can you teach me to throw?
I said, hey, not today.
I got a lot to do.
He said, that's OK.
And he, he walked away, but his smile never dimmed.
It said, I'm going to be like him.
Yeah, you know I'm going to be like him.
Next section.
Go all the way down here.
I've long since retired.
My sons moved away.
I called him up just the other day.
I said, I'd like to see you.
If you don't mind.
He said, I'd love to do that.
Oh, hold on.
Oh, I'm going to.
Oh, I did not know this was in the song.
OK, I'm trying to calm down.
This is like my biggest fear, right?
Yeah.
Let's see.
Hey, let's see.
I'd love to.
I'd love to, dad.
If I can find the time, you see my new job's a hassle,
and the kids have the flu.
But it's sure nice talking to you, dad.
It's been sure nice talking to you.
As let's see.
And as I hung up the phone, it occurred to me.
He's grown up just like me.
My voice.
Ooh.
That's tough.
Which, which, are you afraid that that's going to,
you're going to be the father in that situation?
I don't want to be the father.
You know what I mean?
I don't want to raise a kid who doesn't, you know,
like, he loved me, but I never quite love him.
Because I valued things disproportionately.
Yep.
Sorry.
No.
I didn't realize it was going to hit me like that.
But I get just like, ugh.
Dang it.
I don't want to be on tweets like this.
OK, nothing.
[LAUGHTER]
It's a stax.
It's too much.
You're good.
It's a lovely just abs going up right now.
[LAUGHTER]
Lucky man right now.
No, I mean, I didn't even know it was in the song.
I only like know the hook.
Yeah, I had no idea.
Yeah, the song is like super deep.
Yeah.
And terrifying.
That's kid stuff.
Kid stuff's hard to actually find out.
When are you guys having a kid?
Well, let's get that going.
Very soon, realistically.
Like, we were actually just talking about it yesterday.
I think we're both pretty ready.
We used to get a few practical things
in order over the next couple of months or so,
and then probably start then.
When did you guys have your first kids?
Adam, you were really young, right?
I'm doing the math.
No, we got married at 20 and 22,
but we didn't have kids until 26 and 28.
Is that right?
Yeah, 26 and 28.
OK, wife was 24 when I was 27 when we had her first kid.
Yeah, in a lot of ways we wish that we were able to do it
like three years ago.
I know it would have been ideal.
Just because the age I'm going to be
when they're adults, I want to be able to be like--
I mean, three years isn't a huge deal,
but yeah, I think the window is like where you guys had it.
It would have been a lot more ideal, but--
But it's nice being married for a little while before you have--
you kind of have this unique chapter.
Like, we were married six years.
That's true.
I don't know.
We're very thankful for those six years.
And then it's just a whole different life.
Feels like, totally different life.
Yeah.
I think you should have kids as quick as possible.
That's me personally.
Jump off the cliff, right?
You can't-- you know what?
You can't prepare emotionally enough
to be able to jump off a cliff.
You just have to jump off the cliff.
There's definitely no preparing for it.
Yeah.
There's nothing you can do to be ready for it.
We got a dog first.
So we're scaffolding.
We had a dog when we had our first kid,
and the dog now is with my parents.
So--
When you don't have kids and you have a dog,
you go, oh, look.
I just got care so much about this dog and all this.
All the pictures of it.
And then all of a sudden, you're just like, who?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
In the-- in the grave.
I was like, that's not on the head.
That was great.
I was like, that's not-- like, that's--
you realize that you are capable of so much more caring.
You just haven't unlocked that level yet.
Yep.
Yeah.
This is the Elden Ring reference.
Trade in those runes, and you got to up level that.
And you just don't know caring has more levels.
And then it turns out it even has more levels
than you realize.
And every time you have a kid--
No, I believe it.
It's like every-- it just shows you how much more capacity
you have every single time.
It's always surprising.
The thing with the-- again, the thing
the thing you were reading.
Do you think your kids will move away?
That's what always makes it hard.
Because my family--
I moved away.
I live in-- now Miami.
My family's in New Jersey.
It just makes that whole thing pretty much guaranteed
at that point.
I think if you're in a city, it's kind of like--
I don't know.
It feels natural.
But I feel like if-- because you don't really--
I don't know.
It's hard for me to find a home in a city.
If that makes sense, it's hard to feel home.
It depends on a city, though, because here nobody leaves.
Like Liz, we moved here because my wife
has 100 family members here.
Nobody leaves.
Culturally, nobody leaves.
Pretty much people live with their parents
till they get married, and they move out 20 minutes away.
I really like that because people have roots here.
I think when I was in New York, everyone you met.
It's going to be gone in 10 years.
And we all know that we're not going to be here forever.
There's this temporary vibe to everything.
Whereas here, I'll meet someone, and it's like--
they have-- their grandparents have been here forever,
and their network is massive.
And you just meet so many people that have been here,
and there's roots.
And everyone kind of knows each other through that.
I really like that.
And it's a nice balance with it still being--
with some of the benefits of the city.
But yeah, any other city I've been in
has just not been like that.
Yeah, that was my same vibe, which
is that's why I find it so hard to be home in a city,
is that I've only been in San Jose.
San Jose was the biggest place I ever lived.
And it's just like everyone you meet there will be gone shortly.
Yeah.
Nobody that you meet there grew up there.
I met like three people that grew up in San Jose.
And I was very, very few people grew up in the Bay Area.
It was all transient.
Everyone comes in.
They all come in.
They all go.
You just have no permanence in some sense there.
It's just like a very-- you come.
You consume.
You leave.
Whereas in South Dakota, it's just different.
People, there's families here.
I just went on a hike with a guy whose--
their family owned half of Rapid City at one point.
And he went and showed me this cool spot.
He's 92 years old.
And we went hiking.
And we drove through these private properties.
And he's like, I know those people,
because my mother used to teach there.
But I was just like, we go to this special spot
that's super hard to get to, because you'd
have to walk for miles in federal land,
or you can walk like a mile and just do it
through all this private property.
It was super cool.
And it's just like these are like the rare things you get to do.
And everyone there has been there forever.
And it just feels like you can establish like a home feeling.
Yeah, yeah.
I was definitely craving that.
At least for me, I got to a certain age.
And that was like extremely what I wanted.
It was impossible where I was living.
How old were you left to San Jose?
So I moved to San Jose at 27, four weeks before I had my first kid.
And we left San Jose, the day Gavin Newsom
announced lockdowns for COVID.
Oh, nice timing.
Yeah, yeah.
Was that coincidence?
No, it was a motivator, because we didn't want to be there.
It's like, hey, everybody, how would you
like to have three kids and we lived next door to a park
and police were driving around?
Like roughing people up who left to go walk around the park.
And so it's just like, OK, I'd rather live in South Dakota
where there's just like land.
No one lives there, you know, they say no one lives there.
There's enough people to live there, but you can have space.
You can walk around.
I can like not be confined in a house with two laver doors
and three kids and a beautiful wife in 1800 square feet
and just be there for the next two months.
Like that'd be crazy.
I'd go nuts.
I personally would just go nuts.
So I just was like, we got to get out of here.
Just saying it.
Yeah, why South Dakota?
Are you guys from there?
My wife's family grew up in South Dakota.
So they're like multiple generation people,
just like the Miami story had.
Yeah, it's something I've never had.
There's like a giant family and it's super nice.
They're just like a default set of things you get to do,
especially when we move, because we're like,
when we were going to have kids, like having kids
in the city by yourself is very difficult
and having like the family support is really useful.
They want all the help we can get.
Yeah, having kids in the country by yourself
is also really difficult.
Just having kids is really difficult.
It's really great though.
I feel like we've said it all.
Yeah, Prime, you've said it all.
Thank you.
I've been known to talk.
No, our editor is very good.
You will cut this up well.
Yeah, is your editor Adam?
[LAUGHTER]
Our editor's pretty great.
No, we have just talked a lot, and Chris has always
found a way to magically put it in a way that was cohesive.
OK.
Well, neither of us have listened to the final product.
So do we know that, Dax?
Is it cohesive?
That's not true.
Remember that one time I listened to like three episodes?
We did.
Yeah, you did this.
Because I was a little in the card,
but this is the only time that I can listen to our podcast.
Because if anyone ever hears me doing it,
it's going to make fun of me.
[LAUGHTER]
Yeah, that's weird.
I literally don't like to listen to my own-- I never--
Oh, yeah.
Do you ever watch like your own YouTube videos or--
No, my entire side channel, I haven't
watched a single one.
Or maybe I've watched one.
I have 170 videos on there, and I haven't watched one.
Wow.
So the idea with that one is just like, you literally
don't have to do it.
You just cut out parts of your stream.
Like, flip, just cuts it up.
Yeah.
Just off-- it's just whatever you say on stream.
Whatever I say.
And you know, sometimes I feel like I'm
going to get in trouble with it, but we'll see what happens.
Hey, I mean, you still have your job.
That's impressive with everything.
I still have a job.
Thank you.
[LAUGHTER]
All right, I got to pee again, and I got to go.
Thank you so much.
Thanks for coming.
I got to make some motion.
Yeah, go stream.
Go do that.
Bye.
So yeah.
I feel like we didn't even introduce Prime.
We just kind of like started talking.
That's true.
We did.
Do we need to make an introduction for it?
Do you want to do it in directions?
Ooh, let's do it.
Yeah, after the fact.
Let's pretend like he's still here.
Oh, God.
I'm going to be so bad at it.
You will do like a very professional job.
Could you please do it?
No, because last time we tried, I did the bad job.
We can do the good job.
Did you do the bad job?
Would you try to introduce teach and you did a bad job?
So today we've got a special guest.
The primegens here.
The primegens works at Netflix.
But what am I going to say?
Don't use that, Chris.
That was terrible.
Never mind.
No introduction.
That was a bad idea.
It was terrible.
It was bad.
It's the fixed hair.
I fixed my hair, and then I try and say things all serious.
No.
Just no.
We're just going to go.
It's just going to be straight into whatever we were saying.
I have no idea what we just talked about.
Me neither.
Can I roll over the place?
Cool.
I'm going to stop the recording now.
Good luck, Chris.
Godspeed.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
This is a strange podcast.